hello to the people of YouTube I am NOT
back here in beautiful Santa Cruz
California which as most of you probably
know I've been in Mexico for almost the
past two weeks actually I got back last
night and my plan was to get a good
night's sleep and then wake up and go
skate and film videos but I woke up this
morning and my butt like my butt muscle
really really really hurt which happened
in Mexico and someone told me it was
sciatica sciatica is pretty much like
your sciatic nerve which pretty much
it's a very important nerve it's like
your back and your butt and your leg and
everything and because I haven't been
skating I think it got too tight and
that's why I have sciatica at least
that's what the physical therapist told
me so I don't really want to go through
all the stretches and warming up and
blah blah blah
just to skate this morning so I am
starting this video off with a skate
submit and by starting this video off I
mean that's what this video is along
with having sciatica and barely being
able to walk without pain I also managed
to lose my tripod and I'm holding this
camera so I'm gonna find something to
set it down on open my computer up and
review the sponsored video which is a
very special one actually I'm sure a lot
of you know my good friend Wilmont hold
and if you don't here's a picture of his
face right now
now you know who Lamont Holt is
seriously though he is a very talented
skateboarder very talented youtuber and
a very talented person I'll have his
channel link in the description right
now but ever since he started being a
youtuber no one really appreciates his
skating anymore there's a goal like he's
just a youtube kid not bubble wah and
then if you haven't seen his street part
it is insane and that is what I'm
reviewing today he texted me was like
Garrett uh I need followers for YouTube
below and I hit 100k I'm totally kidding
he texted me I was like hey can you
review my sponsored video it's to be
part of whatever it's gonna get me 200k
and be super stoked Paul was so like of
course I can buddy Anne Lamott is one of
those guys she was probably
realistically one of the best
skateboarders I know personally and
isn't sponsored and doesn't make any
sense watch this video I'm gonna review
it alright let's prop the camera up I
can't even walk it hurts so bad i we
have this Little Rock Rios out on my car
right here and hopefully that works on
the tripod alright okay that is pretty
crooked actually that's readjust that so
the morholt isn't sponsored he is flow
like a few companies because like they
really don't send him anything so it
pretty much isn't sponsored at all
except for candy which is his own
company but he'll explain that himself
three two one go
edited by Louis more because Lewis Moore
is a very good other film or two
additional filming by iostream I didn't
even read that okay but frontside flip
get over it someone who is the king of
these ships the moment like he saw just
like drop this part out of nowhere like
he was doing YouTube and everything and
then all the sudden drop the part it was
like boom part yeah I still skate and
I'm better than all you that's right
seriously like what are even he's first
alright
just watch how he has no land even
sketchy and that is what he'd get laser
clips you can do whether you're close
with 100 thousand times better than Trey
plus it doesn't make sense either if
that was switch switch nose again think
about this is realistically like a video
that I would expect as like a pro part
if he doesn't get handrails cuz he's
little
totally kidding but seriously like it
it's gnarly like this is the fact okay I
have to be he's my friend I can be as
mean as I want alright yeah bro you
shouldn't even pushed in that wine
that's sucked you've ruined the entire
line wasn't even close
you didn't grind along enough I'm
kidding by the way you couldn't find
that out okay come on not a fan of the
hole no comply 180 totally personal
preference but you just made up for it
with that Turk everybody
whoa backside 180 on flat ground okay
made up for again let me guess sorry put
I called it whoa whoa is that stitch
maybe
look a hardflip guard over here who do
you think you are Lance Silber Lance if
you're watching this has a shout-out to
you um being super critical I'd say you
over at hard flips and manuals it's hard
flip manual hard floor as I said that
but I mean every skater has they're sort
of like signature chick mine would
probably be 50 50 grands because I do
that on everything and people gave me a
hard time for that alright that's it in
that video yeah everyone has their own
trick like for Lamont I definitely say
hardflips laser flips and manuals which
those are pretty good tricks to have as
your tricks firing fifty-fifty which I
want to branch out and do more than just
5050 because I do way too many 5050 s
but that's that's my trick you know I
mean so yes in my opinion too many
repetition but you made up for it with
also crazy tricks that I didn't even
know you could do when you're a good
friend of mine because that video was so
good and so much better than any video
that I've ever put out I really can't
criticize it like I have and I have no
right to criticize that and even if I
didn't have a right to there's not much
I could say besides repetition and
that's it switch nollie fakie regular
everything was clean everything was good
everything was perfect that was a very
good part and it doesn't even have that
many views and he deserved more
subscribers I wouldn't go down in the
description and click on one holds link
him doing what I meant to say his Lamont
Holtz link in the description down below
he is very close to hitting 100,000
subscribers so if you like what you see
give him a subscription and chances are
he'll be passing me up in subscribers
and then I will regret giving him this
shoutout I'm kidding but seriously
Lamarr Holt deserves way more
subscribers and he has Luiz Moura is
behind the filming and editing and he
kills and everything-everything kills it
as a youtuber you totally lose your
reputation for skateboarding because
skateboarders and youtubers don't really
get along for some strange reason so
sometimes it is nice to sort of show a
video of either a youtuber skating such
as Lamar hole or myself and just show
that we can still skate like yes we are
youtubers we skate to Lamar Holt's
three-part is a perfect example that he
is better than anyone watching this
unless you are like someone who is
better than him which I don't think you
are anyway guys I hope you enjoyed this
video so I'm just sharing it with you
and building something while I can't
skate and hopefully I'm gonna go stretch
all day today and loosen my backsplash
butt up and hopefully they will skate
tomorrow and come back with some skating
videos if you enjoyed this video please
give it a big thumbs up because every
single time enough helps and then each
thumbs up will help me motivated to go
skate and film videos
totally right I do daily YouTube videos
please click the subscribe button down
below to be updated whenever I notify
you of uploading a video I can't even
talk today I'm gonna go stretch so I
could I'll actually walk
I'll see you have some arm from your
daily video peace